hey
what is going on guys welcome back to
another fan server update where I keep
you updated with all the new things and
all the changes going on on the fan
server so today is Valentine's Day so
happy Valentine's Day to every single
one of my subscribers and I think it's
appropriate for me to say to you happy
Valentine's Day because I love every
single one of you so valentine's Day is
about celebrating people you love and I
love every single one of you guys but
the reason I am doing this little update
video is to show you guys a few new
things that we've got on a server some
of you may not have known about and what
we're doing for Valentine's Day as well
so the first thing there is going to be
a Valentine's Day discount on donation
packages and it's only going to be for
this weekend only so it's going to be
friday saturday and sunday that this
weekend only so if you was thinking
about donating before i would recommend
you do it now because you're going to
get it a lot cheaper so what it is guys
it is when you go on to the by craft
where you don't we donate so if you go
on to serve urdu / donate i'll show you
now please donate you click one of these
packages so let's say this one or two
say this one ten dollars you'll get a
link this link here and you click that
link and when it will take you to the
website and you'll go to a check out and
when you go to the checkout you need to
enter this code okay okay love and if
you put kk love into the check out when
you're getting your donation you will
get fifty percent of your donation guys
so for example / donate um the VIP style
in the pit will be 15 that will be 10
and that will be 5 just to celebrate
Valentine's Day Guys and it's only going
to be for friday saturday sunday all the
links to the donations of stuff will be
in the description you can do it on your
computer where you can do it on the
server so that is what we are doing for
Valentine's Day is just kind of like a
little special offer for your good for
you guys to say thanks to everybody it
was on a server so all the links for
that will be in the description step
fifty percent off with the code kk love
no capitals small case just like that
just a little bit rewrite their right
the next thing is we have now got a
teamspeak server now i get a lot of
questions how do i join teamspeak what
is teamspeak and stuff like that I will
probably do a more in-depth video for
you and how to
on teamspeak and and everything but if
you already know what teamspeak is and
you want the information to log on
teamspeak you come on a serving you / TS
and it will give you the teamspeak
information right now so the teamspeak
IP is right there and the password is
that to join our teamspeak server what
teamspeak is for you guys you don't know
it's kind of like a chat software where
you can log on and you can chat to
everybody who's logged on to this IP
through teamspeak so kind of like skype
but you don't need any friends list you
just talk to ever logged on a moment
it's kind of busy a lot of people
logging on and using it i will put the
download link to teamspeak in the
description i will not put this in the
description the IP and the password i
want you to come on the server i do / TS
so you can get the information and then
log on so yeah so i'm going to put the
download link to teamspeak in the
description too and also guys another
thing we have now set up the new ranks
which i was talking about before we have
two new ranks on the server we're not
updated here yet but they will be we now
have a help of rank and helpers are
basically similar that basically just
help us hey help people on the server so
if anybody needs some advice and stuff
like that you tell them what to do like
someone says you where is this then help
will show them where there is how do I
become member helper tell them to do /
reply they're just helping around on the
self that is their job someone needs
help mining and help I can help them and
stuff like that that is what the helpers
role will be it's mainly for to take to
take some of the stress of the
moderators and the staff because we do
get very overwhelmed so we decided to
add a new staff rank that you are not
going to have many permissions as a
helper but you're just there to help for
the best interest of the server the next
rank is a trusted rank and a trusted
rank is kind of like a promotion from
member plus and it will be chose on our
discretion geyser and we will choose who
gets to trusted rank it's mainly for
loyal members people have been on the
server for a long time we know we can
trust and stuff like that they will get
the trusted rank tragic right we'll have
a few more perks and permissions and
stuff like that so yes they are the two
new ranks that
are going to be on the server but the
last thing is guys I wanted to give you
for the update and that is about this
world right here survival Expo now
survival expose some of you know it's
just a world where you can go and gather
materials because we didn't want to
destroy the main world look see this
where everyone's just collecting sand we
didn't want that to happen in the main
survival world so we create a survival
expo for people so they can go and get
their materials and then go back to
their houses and use their materials but
survival ex-wives will come in a bit of
a mess and the plan was as it as I go
over here and show you the sign quickly
the plan was that we reset survival
expert every now and again so we can get
fresh materials and stuff so welcome to
survival Expo note this would world this
world spot wrong this world will be
reset after a time period I think that
time periods up now guys so I'm gonna be
working on reset in this world so maybe
within the next couple of days
definitely this weekend this will be a
brand-new world so you can go and get
some new resources new biomes and all
that stuff and new meso biome and all
that kind of thing so this will be reset
and another question I wanted to ask you
guys do you want me to reset the nether
because there never is becoming a bit of
a mess and I don't know what you guys
have actually done in there yet so do
you want a brand new never and a brand
new survival Expo or we can have a main
never where we'll have like you all you
guys can build a never happy if you want
and we can have a never expo which is by
pretty much the same as survival Expo
but the neville expo will be the one
that resets and will keep the main never
and we'll just reset survival and never
expo I don't know guys let me know would
you rather main never reset or have an
extra never for never expert but yeah
guys that is pretty much what I wanted
to do this video about just give you a
quick little update of all the changes
and all the cool things that's going on
the server so if I just really want to
recap on it valentines day discount guys
for friday saturday and sunday only you
get fifty percent off if you enter the
code in kk love the donation how to
donate and stuff like the link will be
in the description i think it's chaos
craft by craft net that's where you go
to donate and then you put kk love in
the check out when you do it
next thing was teamspeak weird now have
a teamspeak server you come on a server
do / TS and that will give you the IP
and the password to connect to teamspeak
server I will put a link in the
description of this video to download
teamspeak cause some people don't know
where to get it from so i'll give you a
link in the description of this video
new ranks we now have the help of rank
is it's on the server we will be
appointing helpers pretty soon and the
new trustee drank which is kind of like
a promotion from member plus they get a
few more permissions and it's for loyal
members to the server and people that we
can trust and the world resets guys
we're going to reset survival expert
pretty soon and do you want to keep the
main never and have never expo or just
reset the main level so let me know all
them things in the comments guys but
yeah that is just a quick update video
let you know what's going on guys and
thank you so much for watching happy
Valentine's Day to every single one of
you guys and I will see you again in
another video